#theme
theme = catppuccin-macchiato

cursor-style = block
cursor-style-blink = false
shell-integration-features = no-cursor

mouse-hide-while-typing = true
macos-titlebar-style=transparent
macos-option-as-alt = left


# window and toolbar decoration
window-decoration = auto
macos-titlebar-style = hidden

#styling for transparent
background-opacity = 0.85
background-blur = 15

# keybindings
keybind = cmd+o>r=reload_config
keybind = cmd+o>x=close_surface

keybind = cmd+o>n=new_window

# tabs 
keybind = cmd+o>c=new_tab
keybind = cmd+o>shift+l=next_tab
keybind = cmd+o>shift+h=previous_tab
keybind = cmd+o>comma=move_tab:-1
keybind = cmd+o>period=move_tab:1

# quick tab switch
keybind = cmd+o>1=goto_tab:1
keybind = cmd+o>2=goto_tab:2
keybind = cmd+o>3=goto_tab:3
keybind = cmd+o>4=goto_tab:4
keybind = cmd+o>5=goto_tab:5
keybind = cmd+o>6=goto_tab:6
keybind = cmd+o>7=goto_tab:7
keybind = cmd+o>8=goto_tab:8
keybind = cmd+o>9=goto_tab:9

# split
keybind = cmd+o>\=new_split:right
keybind = cmd+o>-=new_split:down

keybind = cmd+o>j=goto_split:bottom
keybind = cmd+o>k=goto_split:top
keybind = cmd+o>h=goto_split:left
keybind = cmd+o>l=goto_split:right

keybind = cmd+o>z=toggle_split_zoom

keybind = cmd+o>e=equalize_splits

# other
copy-on-select = clipboard
